Shell LPG Swift Welcome to Shell LPG Swift, your one-stop solution for
hassle-free LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) cylinder booking and
management. This README provides an overview of the project, its
features, installation instructions, and more. Table of Contents
Overview Key Features Technologies Used Getting Started Usage
Contributing License

Overview SHELL-LPG SWIFT is an online gas booking system that allows
customers to easily book LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas) cylinders. It
streamlines the process of booking and managing LPG cylinders, making it
convenient for customers and gas suppliers.

Key Features User Registration and Authentication: Users can create
accounts and log in securely. LPG Cylinder Booking: Customers can place
orders for LPG cylinders based on their requirements. Payment
Integration: Secure payment processing for LPG cylinder orders. Order
History: View past order history and details.

Technologies Used C#: The backend of the application is built using C#.
.NET: The .NET framework is used to develop the backend services and
APIs. ReactJS: The frontend is built using ReactJS for dynamic and
interactive user interfaces. TypeScript: TypeScript is used to enhance
code quality and maintainability on both the frontend and backend.
PostgreSQL: PostgreSQL is the database management system used to store
user data, order information, and other application data. Getting
Started To get started with SHELL-LPG SWIFT, follow these steps: Clone
the repository to your local machine: git clone
https://github.com/your-username/shell-lpg-swift.git 2. Navigate to the
project directory: cd shell-lpg-swift Installation: Backend Setup 3.
Open the backend directory: cd backend 4. Install the required packages:
dotnet restore 5. Set up your PostgreSQL database and update the
connection string in appsettings.json. 6. Run the migration to create
the database: dotnet ef database update 7. Start the backend server:
dotnet run Frontend Setup: 8. Open the frontend directory: cd frontend
9. Install the required packages: npm install 10. Start the frontend
development server: npm run dev Usage Access the application in your web
browser by navigating to http://localhost:5173. Users can create
accounts, log in, and start booking our products.

Contributing We welcome contributions from the community. If you\'d like
to contribute to SHELL-LPG SWIFT, please follow our contribution
guidelines. License This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel
free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the license terms.
